---
type: daily
tags:
  - daily
  - project/it-ot-integration-study
  - project/bep-smart-charging
  - project/at-risk-user-study
---

# 2026-04-09

## Plan for Today

- Preparation for the Interviews (sending the informed consent guide) 
- meeting with Ronald [[2026-04-09-ronak meeting with Ronald Holdijk to discuss the it-ot-intigration-study   ]]
- working on the methodology section for the bep-smart-charging paper 
- literature review for the at-risk-user-study

## Log

- 08:14 - sending the emails to interview participants of (13 November)
- 09:08 - done with the email now trying to finish the job application tasks 
- 10:14 - Just had the meeting with Ronald, updating the meeting notes 
- 11:38 - Done with everything needed for meeting with Ronald, also added the task to prepair a one pager draft for him to todoist 
- 11:40 - I might have some time to apply to one more job. 
- 12:44 - Preparation for the biweekly 
- 13:44 - Had the biweekly [[2026-04-09-biweekly discussing wolters comments on the interview questions]], will unpack the meeting tomorrow morning by making the changes  and logging them 
- 13:50 - Added the task to todoist 
- 13:51 - Preparation for the RESCUE supervisor meeting
  - Making the meeting note [[2026-04-09-rescue discussion of supervisors  for aranging the workshop]]  
- 16:27 - ending the day, sitting in the colloquium by Max and Suz.   
- 16:28 - adding and pushing to the github.  

## Notes Created or Updated
- [[2026-04-09-ronak meeting with Ronald Holdijk to discuss the it-ot-intigration-study   ]]
- [[2026-04-09-biweekly discussing wolters comments on the interview questions]]
- [[2026-04-09-rescue discussion of supervisors  for aranging the workshop]]
- [[2026-04-20-rescue ga april 2026]]
- [[2026-05-28-workshop with Tennet may 2026 ]]

## Reflections

- The day was filled with meetings, and nothing cognitively productive. 
- The highlight for the day was the stupid rescue supervisor meeting discussing the workshop.
  - The meeting did not have any clear objective, and it was just a rant about "follow the rescue proposal".     
- Did not get any chance to touch on the writing the methodology and the literature review of the at-risk paper. Will push this to tomorrow.  

---

**Backlinks:**

[2026-04-09-ronak meeting with Ronald Holdijk to discuss the it-ot-intigration-study   ]: <../meetings/2026-04-09-ronak meeting with Ronald Holdijk to discuss the it-ot-intigration-study   > "ronak meeting with Ronald Holdijk to discuss the it-ot-intigration-study"
[2026-04-09-biweekly discussing wolters comments on the interview questions]: <../meetings/2026-04-09-biweekly discussing wolters comments on the interview questions> "biweekly discussing wolters comments on the interview questions"

[2026-04-09-rescue discussion of supervisors  for aranging the workshop]: <../meetings/2026-04-09-rescue discussion of supervisors  for aranging the workshop> "rescue discussion of supervisors  for aranging the workshop"
[2026-04-20-rescue ga april 2026]: <../meetings/2026-04-20-rescue ga april 2026> "rescue ga april 2026"

[2026-05-28-workshop with Tennet may 2026 ]: <../meetings/2026-05-28-workshop with Tennet may 2026 > "workshop with Tennet may 2026"
