---
type: daily
tags:
  - daily
  - project/bep-smart-charging/literature-review
---

# 2026-04-24

## Plan for Today

- Introduction and literature review writing for smart charging paper 
- planning the rebuttal for SOUPS paper 

## Log

- 08:08 - I am here since over an hour, but was helping Rohini on call. 
- 08:08 - Now, starting my day. 
  - First things first, lets look at the SOUPS review and then try to also update Michel and Simon on it. 

- 08:10 - Looking at the SOUPS review 

- 09:15 - I read the SOUPS reviews, tried to process it. 
  - Here is the link to the [review](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HXkhrVwlgTz_kmNHoKZIw-Lq1MByPxwFEXs1G7lCjlA/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Michel presentation / instructions on writing rebuttal](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BaV8zc9BF8_50Ervlbsp8zxPqvoLZhai/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=101620132268441036701&rtpof=true&sd=true)
  - [Michel shared examples of writing rebuttal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1z4kOxqKinQB21C7kAmI_s32XTuqqLGOLkXfCQ5sP0I0/edit?usp=sharing)

- 09:24 - I will now take a break for 5 minutes 

- 09:48 - Back to the system, took some time to have some breakfast. 

- 09:49 - First things first, lets focus on the introduction text and the related work section 

- 11:32 - I finished the introduction, now moving to the literature review section, but before that, let's focus on dealing with the meeting with Bas 

- 12:58 - Back from a nice lunch, starting the work again, trying to finish the literature review. 

- 13:49 - I finished, some draft of the literature review. It seams good enough, I think. 

- 13:49 - Lets start reviewing the week now, I think, after that I can see through the admin tasks. 

- 15:39 - Almost took two hours but reviewed the week nicely. Mostly the problem is same. I am not able to estimate the task intended, and the task done. 
  - It was much better in the [[week-2026-W17]] then in the [[week-2026-W16]]. 

- 15:42 - Now, will resolve the admin tasks, and then plan the next week. First, lets take few minutes break! 

- 15:55 - Lets start again! 
  - I will first start by paying the tax. 

- 17:00 - Emails done, only thing left is to deal with resources. 
    - Taking 5 minutes break! 

- 17:11 - Back to the table, let's rap the day off! 

- 17:38 - Finished everything, now just will review the day, and will try to plan my next week.   
  - First, reviewing the day! 

- 17:42 - I remembered suddenly to pull the changes in the smart charging project into my vscode coppy from the overleaf coppy. Because I mainly worked on overleaf today. 

- 17:43 - now, reviewing the day.  

## Notes Created or Updated

- [[week-2026-W17]]

## Reflections

- Today, overall day was good, not the best but good enough.
- I sat for over 11 hours, hence was able to finish a lot of the things. 
- I need to manage the literature review writing next week for the smart charging paper, could not pick it up again. 

---

**Backlinks:**

[week-2026-W17]: week-2026-W17 "Week 2026-W17 Review"
[week-2026-W16]: week-2026-W16 "Week 2026-W16 Review"
