---
type: daily
tags:
  - daily
  - project/at-risk-user-study
  - project/it-ot-integration-study
---

# 2026-04-10

## Plan for Today

- Update email on the scheduled interviews to the supervisors 
- Populating the literature review for the at-risk-user-study 
- Writing the methodology section for the bep-smart-charging paper 
- Planning the upcoming week  

## Log

- 08:23 - will take five minutes rest now. 
  - I fixed my foam setup, I think I am good to go now. It is working fine, and possibly will be quite powerful. 
  - Five minutes rest! 
- 08:40 - time to start! Let's start by putting the at-risk literature review
- 14:36 - I reviewed 2 papers for the at-risk-study, now should focus on making changes in the interview protocol. 
  - First let me check the links for both the source notes I made today, in order to not forget it later.  
- 14:48 - I need to link the SOUPS 2021 paper based on the [[2018-napoli-vi-security-privacy-strategies-0904261411]] thesis.  Let's see if there are any different findings reported in the SOUPS paper from the thesis.   
- 15:28 - Left with unpacking the meeting notes, will do that after going home. Responded to the emails by Bas, and Peter. 
  - I will now try to git push first, so that I do not mess something. 


### backlog 

- ---
**Logged on:** 2026-04-11 at 06:02
**Retrospective Note:** 
---
- 06:03 - I did not touch the writing of methodology yesterday 
  - I did not also finish the writing of the interview protocol 
- 06:04 - I first plan to work and hopefully finish the changes to the interview protocol now. 
- 06:07 - The reason I could not finish yesterday is that I overestimated the time it took me to finish the two paper literature review for the at-risk study. 
  - I need to start being more productive for next month and the half, if I plan to finish my PhD on time. 
  - There is no place to overestimate unfortunately. I need to be precise and absorb my backlogs.     
- I also need to plan my next week well, which I missed yesterday. 

## Notes Created or Updated

- [[RES-2016-inan-cybersecurity-concerns-visually-impaired-0904261400]]
- [[2016-inan-cybersecurity-concerns-visually-impaired-0904261400]]
- [[2018-napoli-vi-security-privacy-strategies-0904261411]]

## Reflections

- I think I managed the at-risk study task well, but underestimated the time that it took me to finish the task. 
- Could not get my hands on writing the methodology section for the bep paper. 
- Could not finish the unpacking of the biweekly, to make changes to the interview protocol.    

---

**Backlinks:**

[RES-2016-inan-cybersecurity-concerns-visually-impaired-0904261400]: ../literature/RES-2016-inan-cybersecurity-concerns-visually-impaired-0904261400 "RES-2016-inan-cybersecurity-concerns-visually-impaired-0904261400"
[2016-inan-cybersecurity-concerns-visually-impaired-0904261400]: ../sources/2016-inan-cybersecurity-concerns-visually-impaired-0904261400 "2016-inan-cybersecurity-concerns-visually-impaired-0904261400"

[2018-napoli-vi-security-privacy-strategies-0904261411]: ../sources/2018-napoli-vi-security-privacy-strategies-0904261411 "2018-napoli-vi-security-privacy-strategies-0904261411"
