---
type: daily
tags:
  - daily
  - project/bep-smart-charging/literature-review
---

# 2026-04-21

## Plan for Today

- Follow up with: 
  - sebastiaan.bastiaans@alliander.com - crisis      
- Email to Tamara, and Natilia requesting connections for the interview 
- Send a update email to supervisors on scheduled interviews 
- Literature review for the smart charging project
  

## Log

- 07:57 - I am trying to review the last week and schedule this one, I will try and finish this in next 30 minutes at the most.  
- 08:38 - I reviewed the last week, now will schedule this week!
- 08:45 - I also found that I spend significant amount of time on building LinkedIn
- This paper will be useful to write paper on Q-methodology 
  - [link to the paper](https://www-sciencedirect-com.tudelft.idm.oclc.org/science/article/pii/S0921800909003929)     
- 09:04 - Still, reviewing the week, but it is going well! 
  - One thing to remember, I need to update the meeting notes for the meeting I had with Swaathi last week. I also need to review the literature review she has done. 
- 09:06 - I am almost done. 
- 09:15 - Finally, done with the last week review, it almost took me an hour and a half! 
- 09:15 - What I understand though, is I have to plan for the unanticipated tasks, and plan my estimation better. Let's plan my this week now, and first, I deserve some break! 
- 09:40 - Perfect, had a good break, starting work again.
  - First task, planning the week, let's try to finish this in 20 minutes
- 10:28 - I plan the week, but it took me almost 50 minutes, while I estimated 20 
  - I captured smart charging writing task, mainly literature review and introduction 
  - Research design for the at-risk study 
  - SOUPS review 
  - Admin task, and daily reviews 

- 10:32 - Looks good, but let's see how it translates. 
  - Now, will take some break before starting the literature review for the smart charging paper. 

- 10:39 - Have to book the course for 0.5 credits! 

- 10:48 - Got the course slot! On June 16th. 

- 10:49 - Now, need to start working on the literature review for the BEP smart charging!  

- 10:53 - sebastiaan has responded no, perhaps need to send hima email checking if he can come for some other time. 

- 10:57 - I also need to register for the NWO energy symposium

- 11:00 - Let's start the literature review!  
  - I need gemini to get the references
  - VScode to write the notes 
  - Paper, possibly online   
- 11:04 - Setting up for starting the literature review! 

- 11:24 - Got a totally new paper, which I have never seen before! [[2022-kubli-ev-drivers-smart-charging-2104261111]] 
  - This is strange, I thought I have everything I need to review, lets read this paper once! 

- 11:40 - Just remembered, I need to follow-up, with Nuno and Elvira. 

- 12:39 - Just had lunch, will work on the lit review until 14

- 14:42 - I have to stop the work on my paper. 
  - Again due to the unanticipated task! 
  - There is a discount going on back in India, and I had to coordinate the delivery 

- 14:58 - I will do the most important task, which is to cansel tomorrows biweekly, and review my day. 

- 15:40 - I wrote to supervisors requesting to cancel tomorrows biweekly meeting  

- 15:40 - Going home now, will try to do somethings in the evening. 

## Notes Created or Updated

- [[2022-kubli-ev-drivers-smart-charging-2104261111]]

## Reflections

- I got out of track in the afternoon, mainly the tasks about admin, and reviewing the day. 
- I will have to finish things [[2026-04-22]]
 

---

**Backlinks:**

[2022-kubli-ev-drivers-smart-charging-2104261111]: ../sources/2022-kubli-ev-drivers-smart-charging-2104261111 "2022-kubli-ev-drivers-smart-charging-2104261111"
[2026-04-22]: 2026-04-22 "2026-04-22"
