---
type: daily
tags:
  - daily
  - project/bep-smart-charging/methodology
  - project/rescue
---

# 2026-04-14

## Plan for Today

- BEP smart charging methodology 
- Building the presentation for the RESCUE GA meeting 

## Log

- 09:39 - I will now finally start my day! 
  - Siddhesh called me, and I spoke to him at length, so it took some of my time. 
  - I also redesigned my LinkedIn about section. 
  - Now finally will start to write the methodology section for the BEP smart charging paper. 
  - Today I will focus on the BEP methodology, and preparing the presentation   
  
- 09:49 - First, will work on the methodology until the lunchtime 
  - Will spend the afternoon working on the presentation. 

- 13:52 - I finished writing the first draft of the methodology!! 
  - I still have to write the sections on ethics, and limitations 
  - I think this paper will be useful to refine the methodology section. [link to the paper](https://www-sciencedirect-com.tudelft.idm.oclc.org/science/article/pii/S0921800909003929)  

- 13:53 - I will take a break for 5 minutes, then start to work on the presentation 
  - I will close working on the presentation at 15:15, so that I get 30 minutes to reflect on my day, and plan my future steps. 

- 14:15 - Starting to work on the presentation
  - Refering to the outline from yesterdays journal note [[2026-04-13]]

- 14:23 - Just remembered, have to download the transcript and attend to the emails done by Baz. 

- 15:18 - I worked a bit on the presentation, I think I will need some more time to finish it. But I think I kknow, what and how can I deliver! 
  - I will reserve 2 hours in the evening on this, I think it should be fine! 
  - I hope I have the strenth in the evening     

- 15:21 - Now, let me plan my evening, and tomorrow. 
  - First, let me quickly download the transcripts, and attend to Bas's email.  

- 15:36 - I still have to download the transcripts, and attent to Bas email, and also schdual my upcoming days!
  - Time is up, have to leave for home!

- 19:52 - sitting again at the computer. 
  - First, let's attend to the email.
- 21:06 - Email of Bas attended, Also dropped a message to Max requesting to help with the recruitment
  - Also attended the graduate 36 months yearly report form problem. 
  -  Now, no time to work on the presentation. 
  - I will rapup the day for today, will absorb the presentation work first thing tomorrow morning.   

---
**Logged on:** 2026-04-14 at 09:50
**Retrospective Note:** 
---

- I could not finish the anonymous transcription yesterday  
- I did attend to the job listings though. 
- I need to capture the anonymous transcription on Wednesday the 15th!   



## Reflections

- Today was good. Siddhesh, Sanjay both gave the good news, and I also got the pay for the house and helth a proved.
- Well, target wise, I could again reach 30 percent to 40 percent to what I had determined. I need to absorb everything tomorrow and the day after. At all cost.
- Will rap the day for today.   

---

**Backlinks:**

[2026-04-13]: 2026-04-13 "2026-04-13"
