---
type: daily
tags:
  - daily
  - project/it-ot-integration-study/methodology
  - project/rescue
---

# 2026-04-13

## Plan for Today

- Conducting the interview 
- Generating the anonymized transcript  
- 

## Log

- 08:16 - Starting the interview preparation for the interview starting at 9. 
- 08:44 - Almost done, lets now prepare the script by saying it out loud.
- 08:53 - Done, now resting the mind!! 
- 08:53 - Let's do this!
- 10:09 - Done with the interview, got the 2 other contacts from the same company, will reach-out to them today.        
  - robin.massink@alliander.com - OT Soc
  - sebastiaan.bastiaans@alliander.com - crisis
- 10:13 - Lets send the email to the supervisors.  
- 10:58 - Email done! I also just remembered that I need to check with Michel about sending the consent guide  to the interview on Friday, should may be put it in the todoist. 
- 11:17 - Added to the todoist, now starting to work on the anonymous transcript. 
- 12:45 - Starting the anonymization process for transcription. 
- 12:59 - Trying to make the transcription service work.  
  - link: https://playground-sh.iot.tbm.cloudiness.nl/
  - User: ronak 
  - Pass: YMaELUDC9MMeRY7C
- 14:01 - I think, I should start working on the presentation for the [[2026-04-20-rescue-ga-april-2026]]
  - First lets think about the idea! May be it is good to brainstorm a bit on what should the idea be regarding. 
- 15:12 - I have a baseline of the idea.  
  - First, lets focus on framing the problem. 
  - The framing of the problem needs to happen with the problem statement, and the literature review. I can take three slides for this. 
    - Slide 1: Operater detecting something on the screen. What happens (cyberattack/ not a cyberattack?) does it matter? 
    - Slide 2: What does the literature assume? (findings from the literature)   
    - Slide 3: Metadata of the literature review being published.
    - Slide 4: Going into the problem statement of the SOUPS paper (frame it through introduction, and literature review)
    - Slide 5: Findings of the SOUPS paper (chalanges)
    - Slide 6: sensemaking  
    - Slide 7: roles and responsibility
    - Slide 8: Preparedness     
    - Slide 9: Discussion (focusing on the coordination)
    - Slide 10: it-ot integration, and problem framing based on the ENCS round table, and findings of the SOUPS paper. 

- 15:26 - I think this sounds like a good place to start. I need to extend it until  17 to 20 slides, that should cover my 30 minutes!  


## Reflections

- I think, I finished 40 percent of what I wanted to finish. Not great, but still something... 
- I will try to work on applying jobs and changing LinkedIn about us, and a bit of transcription in the night, lets see if I get the time. 
- I was able to attend to LinkedIn tasks, but not the rest.  

---

**Backlinks:**

[2026-04-20-rescue-ga-april-2026]: ../meetings/2026-04-20-rescue-ga-april-2026 "rescue ga april 2026"
