---
type: daily
tags:
  - daily
---

# 2026-05-08

## Plan for Today

- Weekly review 
- Update on the interviews
- Finishing the part about RESCUE software platform    
- Interview Preparing for 
- Checking with Bas from NCSC 
- Unpacking the meeting [[2026-05-07-biweekly-smart-charging-idea-discussion]]

## Log

- 10:33 - Started my day!

- 10:34 - I will try first to finish the Escience center task 

- 11:03 - Done with the scenarios tasks  

- 11:05 - Lets finish the review of the week. 

- 12:25 - Weekly review done, lets upload the recordings and download the books from bookshare. 

- 12:32 - Uploaded the audio recordings 

- 12:32 - Downloading the books from the bookshare 

- 12:58 - Done downloading the book and also putting them into their place. 

- 12:58 - Will take a break for 5 minutes. 

- 13:25 - Took a long break, and also read a nice artical on elephant and the rider by the social psychology   

- 13:26 - Will try to finish the tasks with respect to emails before the meeting with ENCS. 

- 13:57 - Going for the meeting with ENCS, done with all the emails only the one with TenneT is left. 

- 14:44 - Finished with the meeting with ENCS. 

- 14:45 - Now, arther is left, but I think I can spend some time on the interview Preparing

- 15:31 - Done with framing the context, and project objective section for the interview for adyen. 

- 15:32 - Rapping the day.  

---

## Reflections

- It was a good day overall, done with almost everything I had decided. 
- I need to work on the ENCS thing. 
- I need to also follow-up with arther
- I need to unpack the biweekly meeting 

---

**Backlinks:**

[2026-05-07-biweekly-smart-charging-idea-discussion]: ../meetings/2026-05-07-biweekly-smart-charging-idea-discussion "biweekly-smart-charging-idea-discussion"
