---
type: daily
tags:
  - daily
  - project/it-ot-integration-study
---

# 2026-04-28

## Plan for Today

- Two interviews 
- At-risk idea discussion 
- rebuttal


## Log

- 07:06 - I am in the office! 
- 07:06 - I need to first do the emails. Then I will pick-up the rebuttal  

- 08:06 - Perfect, took exactly an hour to finish with the emails (consent forms to 3 interviewees), and replyed to Tim. 
  - Will take 10 minutes break, before starting to work on the rebuttal. 

- 08:28 - Took a long break!
  - Was looking for hotels for Bapu 

- 08:29 - Will start to work on the rebuttal now 

- 09:23 - Tried to read the reviewer A reviews, and think about how to best respond. 
  - Will take break for few minutes, and then start preparing for the interview. 

- 09:47 - Starting to prepare for the interview 

- 09:52 - I noted a mistake in the consent form, under section B of the checklist, the end date of the study was june 2025. I made the changes in the google docs, but need to make the change in the word document and the resulting PDF. 

- 11:05 - Done with the interview! 
  - Messaged Michel to check with him if it would be possible to conduct the interview in dutch.
  - He said yes, lightly anyway. 

- 11:31 - I will now have a lunch break, before which I will try to do the post interview stuff.
  - Download the interview, transcript, and recording. 

- 11:43 - Done with the uploading of the file to whisper, and downloading the recording.   

- 11:44 - Taking some lunch break. 

- 12:42 - Back from lunch, starting to work on the things again! 
  - First thing, responding to the emails from Linda! 

- 13:19 - Done with the email to Linda. 
  - Now, time to shift the focus to rebuttal

- 14:55 - Worked on the rebuttal for a bit, now taking some break, before prepareing for the interview. 

- 15:01 - Attending to Linda's email. 

- 15:24 - I can not find the project code! 
  - I am now starting to prepare for the interview. 

- 16:21 - Done with the interview! Went fine. 

- 18:05 - Done with the first draft of the rebuttal! Let's see how it go's. 

- 18:05 - Rapping my day.

## Reflections

- There is not much to reflect on, the day was gided by a lot of P1 stuff. So had to finish, did not have a choice per se. 
- I did finish registering to the summer-school, so thats good. 
- Rapping-up.

---

**Backlinks:**