---
type: weekly-review
tags:
  - weekly-review
week: 16
year: 2026
date: 2026-04-17
---

# Week 2026-W16 Review

## Housekeeping Checklist

- [x] Clear Downloads folder
- [x] Clear AI chats
- [x] Clear email inbox (archive or delete)
- [x] Git commit and push all notes
- [x] Process inbox/ folder (promote or delete random notes)
- [x] attend to TODOIST inbox 

## Review Daily Notes

- [x] Monday: [[2026-04-13]] 
- [x] Tuesday: [[2026-04-14]]
- [x] Wednesday: [[2026-04-15]]
- [x] Thursday: [[2026-04-15]]
- [x] Friday:  

## Previous Week Log

(What actually happened this week? Key activities, meetings attended, papers read, writing done, progress made.)

- One interview from Peter and Mike, was the highlight for the week on Monday.
- I also worked on the presentation for the rescue ga meeting. That also went well mostly. 
- The discussion on the at-risk user paper also went well. 
- What I think I could not work on was the creation of anonymization of the interviews. I think I underestimated the time that would take me with the process, and there was also some problems with the software.
- I put on tuesday, that I will manage the anonymization of transcript on wednesday, but I could not capture, again underestimated.
- Wednesday also I had estimated that I will absorb the task remaining from Monday and Tuesday. Underestimated. Only finished the presentation, and left the methodology for the smart charging and the at-risk paper aside.     
- Thursday went well, I think I finished the presentation and also finished the literature review for the at-risk paper. I also had a good meeting with Swaathi, which unfortunately I have not logged in my daily journal   
- Friday, Most of my time was taken by the application for the one-conference. 
- I also missed the interview with Michel's contact, due to a miss communication in scheduling the interview
- So, in all two unanticipated came up, which messed the planning for my week, one is the job related things, and the second is the one-conference application. 
- Also, if I were to refer to the important - urgent matrix, I am working on first quadrant, which is not good. I need to plan well in order to work in the second quadrant. 
- Also, I need to estimate  my time and my effort well.          
        
## Task Scorecard

| Category | Planned                                            | Done | Score |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------------- | ---- | ----- |
| Research | anonymization of transcript                        | No   | 1 /   |
| Writing  | smart charging literature review, and introduction | No   | 1/    |
| Meetings | interview for it-ot-integration                    | Yes  | 3/    |

## Wins

- Presentation for rescue ga
- at-risk discussion
- conducting the interview 
- The buffer time to absorb the un-finished task       

## Blockers

- underestimated the time needed to finish the tasks 
- Did not take into account the time cost when things go wrong.

## Backlogs

- [ ] - Unfinished anonymization of transcript
- [x] Writing of smart charging study 

## Next Week Planning

- Need to finish the writing for the smart charging, introduction, and literature review
- Finish the anonymous transcript (finish, and upload to atlasti)  
- Research design for the at-risk study   

### Priorities

1. introduction, and literature review for the smart charging paper  
2. anonymization of transcript 
3. research design for the smart charging study 

### Appointments and Deadlines

- Presentation for the rescue ga on [[2026-04-20]]

---

**Backlinks:**

[2026-04-13]: 2026-04-13 "2026-04-13"
[2026-04-20]: 2026-04-20 "2026-04-20"

[2026-04-14]: 2026-04-14 "2026-04-14"
[2026-04-15]: 2026-04-15 "2026-04-15"
